README.md, before:

# CA2RXU LoRa APRS Wx Station

This firmware is for using ESP32 based boards with LoRa Modules to send Wx Data into APRS by adding Temperature, Pressure, Humidity, Luminance, Rain, Wind Speed and Direction sensor.

____________________________________________________

## You can support this project to continue to grow:

[<img src="https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Tracker/blob/main/images/github-sponsors.png">](https://github.com/sponsors/richonguzman)     [<img src="https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Tracker/blob/main/images/paypalme.png">](http://paypal.me/richonguzman)


____________________________________________________

# WIKI

### HOME --> <a href="https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Wx_Station/wiki" target="_blank">here</a>

### 1. Recommended Sensors for each task and buying links --> <a href="https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Wx_Station/wiki/1.-Recommended-Sensors-for-each-Task-(and-buying-links)." target="_blank">here</a>

### 2. How to configure the LoRa APRS Wx Station --> <a href="https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Wx_Station/wiki/2.-How-to-configure-the-Station." target="_blank">here</a>

### 3. Instructions how to connect the sensors --> <a href="https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Wx_Station/wiki/3.-Instructions-how-to-connect-the-sensors." target="_blank">here</a>


![Screenshot](https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Wx_Station/blob/main/images/Wx_Station_Side.jpeg)

(Image Credits: Giovanni Ratto IW1QAF)

____________________________________________________
## Timeline (Versions):

- 2024.09.20 Packet Length Fix and minor bugs correction.
- 2024.08.19 Start as _Alpha_.

____________________________________________________

Some code from _Patrick TK5EP_ with his great repository https://github.com/tk5ep/WX-station-LoRa-WiFi was used for controlling the RS485 sensors

____________________________________________________

# Hope You Enjoy this, 73 !!  CA2RXU , Valparaiso, Chile

Commit message:

Add comment from fork from richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Wx_Station to integrate Seismometer

README.md, after:

This project is a fork from richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Wx_Station to integrate Seismometer



# CA2RXU LoRa APRS Wx Station

This firmware is for using ESP32 based boards with LoRa Modules to send Wx Data into APRS by adding Temperature, Pressure, Humidity, Luminance, Rain, Wind Speed and Direction sensor.

____________________________________________________

## You can support this project to continue to grow:

[<img src="https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Tracker/blob/main/images/github-sponsors.png">](https://github.com/sponsors/richonguzman)     [<img src="https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Tracker/blob/main/images/paypalme.png">](http://paypal.me/richonguzman)


____________________________________________________

# WIKI

### HOME --> <a href="https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Wx_Station/wiki" target="_blank">here</a>

### 1. Recommended Sensors for each task and buying links --> <a href="https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Wx_Station/wiki/1.-Recommended-Sensors-for-each-Task-(and-buying-links)." target="_blank">here</a>

### 2. How to configure the LoRa APRS Wx Station --> <a href="https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Wx_Station/wiki/2.-How-to-configure-the-Station." target="_blank">here</a>

### 3. Instructions how to connect the sensors --> <a href="https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Wx_Station/wiki/3.-Instructions-how-to-connect-the-sensors." target="_blank">here</a>


![Screenshot](https://github.com/richonguzman/LoRa_APRS_Wx_Station/blob/main/images/Wx_Station_Side.jpeg)

(Image Credits: Giovanni Ratto IW1QAF)

____________________________________________________
## Timeline (Versions):

- 2024.09.20 Packet Length Fix and minor bugs correction.
- 2024.08.19 Start as _Alpha_.

____________________________________________________

Some code from _Patrick TK5EP_ with his great repository https://github.com/tk5ep/WX-station-LoRa-WiFi was used for controlling the RS485 sensors

____________________________________________________

# Hope You Enjoy this, 73 !!  CA2RXU , Valparaiso, Chile
